{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\vieww23800\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Motion1\
=======\
\
Salesforce1 is a revolutionary new interface for Salesforce that is not only gorgeous, but for many use cases it's faster! Unfortunately, Salesforce1 is understood by many to be a mobile only interface, available only on iOS and Android devices. Motion1 changes that. With Motion1, Mac users running OS X on their desktops and laptops, can securely log into their Salesforce orgs and utilize the Salesforce1 interface. \
\

\b All the features of Salesforce1 that we've come to know and love are present here: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Push Notifications *If your org has them enabled.*\
{\listtext	\'95	}Org Admin controlled object and app settings\
{\listtext	\'95	}SF1 Enabled Apps like TaskRay\
{\listtext	\'95	}The Tasks and Dashboards apps\
{\listtext	\'95	}Publisher Actions \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \

\b In addition to all that, Motion1 has a few extra tricks up it's sleeve:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Motion1 is multi-org by default. You can log into 1 or all of your orgs. Simply use the file menu and select the type of org you want to log into. At the moment, Production (which includes developer and my-Domain orgs), Sandbox and Pre-Release orgs are supported. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Native app integration for Mail. Use Mail.app to write emails? when you click on an email link in Motion1, the link is transparently handed off to your selected Mail client. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \

\b Sadly, somethings don't work yet:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}You can't make a call from within Motion1, at least until osX 10.10 Yosimite is released this fall.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You can't login to the Success Community (yet)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \

\b How does it work?
\b0 \
Motion1 utilizes RubyMotion to present X number of windows to the user, each with a predefined login url to either a production (login.salesforce.com) or sandbox (test.salesforce.com) and Salesforce presents their standard login form. Once your credentials are submitted to Salesforce (** At no time does Motion1 access, or store your credentials**) and you're successfully authenticated, the App directs you to /one/one.app the web formatted version of Salesforce1. Each window remains independent -- credentials are silo'd to the window presenting that org. \
\

\b Why? 
\b0 \
I hate Chatter desktop. Actually thats not true. I don't like flex / flash and the adobe bit that powers Chatter desktop has always poked my "can you do it better?" brain spot. Additionally, I wanted something that was multi-org. I didn't want to keep multiple browser's or multiple private browsing tabs open to stay in touch with the 5 orgs I'm regularly in. This is a step in the right direction at least. In addition to it's utility as a replacement for Chatter desktop, here are some other things you can do with it:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}It's a much more lightweight "simulator" when your developing a SF1 mobile app. \
{\listtext	\'95	}It's a great way to have multiple logins (as different roles / profiles) into the same org to see how objects and apps behave\
{\listtext	\'95	}It's resizable to emulate various Android screen sizes/resolutions\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720
\cf0 \

\b How can I help?
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}File bug reports that tell me how to reproduce the issue regardless of the org I log into. If an issue is only reproducible in your org ... hard to help. You can file issues here: [https://github.com/noeticpenguin/Motion1/issues]\
{\listtext	\'95	}Come up with awesome ideas of what to do next. File an issue!\
{\listtext	\'95	}Edit the wiki!\
{\listtext	\'95	}Buy me a beer, or whatever.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Hey, I just met you, and I know this sounds crazy, But here's my GitTip https://www.gittip.com/noeticpenguin/ so Tip me, maybe?}